We have a case.
Yes.
We have returned from the retest of the members of the Senate
to the yogurt boat.
And the Jenkins, you may have picked up the interagitorial
where you defended and continued with the Copy Demonition.
I want that to report it to the police.
Please read my last question to Mr. Adams.
The point of this is a letter to the people.
But in an open hearing now, there wouldn't have been
that the start is newspaper narration.
And so that is correct, there would not have been.
And up to that time, I had never seen and hoped in hearings.
Interruption by Mr. Jenkins.
I can't hear you.
We're going back down to Mr. Adams.
As I understand your testimony now just before the recess,
you stated that you had no preference, no choice.
Between a close and an open hearing.
That is why you were concerned that there was no distinction between this personality.
Well, may I qualify that there?
Well, let me qualify your answer now.
Yes, sir.
By that, Mr. Adams.
I need to just qualify.
I'm not sure.
Very well now, what is the quality of the conversation?
During the recess, a number of newspaper men have approached me and have suggested that I
let the inference might be going from what I have stated to the effect that's the threat
where the story, the first month hearing before.
I did not intend to state that.
The threat was getting report only from one source.
And the report had only what they heard.
And the road reports were coming from the senator or from one of his back members who had a threat conference
after a hearing or an interrogation.
And that from our point of view, those threat conferences did not reflect the fact that we had seen.
We didn't care for that sort of a hearing with that sort of a result.
Up until that time, where it didn't know open hearings on the fourth month matter.
The outlines of the sorts of open hearings, which had been given to me as being the sort they would have,
left me no enthusiasm for their needs.
Because the indications were that witnesses would be called after only a very few questions on a very
select, in a very selected area.
And that's the...
And it's impossible to be made through that technique to draw lines from one place to another,
to my inferences and into the oasis.
I was no more enthusiastic for that sort of an open hearing than I was in a sort of poetry that I had been watching.
Now, you consider that a qualification of your previous insurge.
I consider it a clarification.
It's a clarification, yes.
The different words I was making yesterday.
Mr. Adams, as we understand it, you have no preferences between an open and a closed hearing.
Well, I had no enthusiasm for either type.
I'll let me understand that, but Mr. Adams, I was on a night to the my question and all fairness to you.
And I repeated it you want to, I know we're all getting a little tired.
You say you had no enthusiasm for either one.
I let me make it clear now that by my questions, I did not mean to imply that any member of the press
would purposely just start any fact pertaining to any of those hearing open or closed.
My firm condition means to the conrade, but as I am, it's that he can complain.
And the part of your complaint was that Senator McCarty and his staff gave up to the press and started
a narration of what occurred in a closed session.
Not getting back.
That's a statement, not a question.
Well said.
Getting back Mr. Adams, as we understand it, there was no choice on your part between an open or a closed session.
No, I didn't prefer either of them.
All right, now in the pause of the way I had seen closed sessions run and because of the way I was told,
an open session would be right.
A little higher, I'd rather you stay busy.
If I'm not correct, you could correct me or you reach the record.
That your objection to a closed session was in such a mess that the staff gave out his side or his audience.
As I had, our other side and that closed session that it was,
and the roomiest impression left on the American public said the news papers
and the reporters who had received such a report from the staff.
Now then, at an open session, the news papers would get verbatim.
A correct account of the proceedings would be not a threat.
Then Mr. Adams, my last question, I think at the time of the recess,
was, doesn't that fact destroy your arguments that your objection to the McCarthy gangs
was that they were closed sessions and that the story to accounts were given out, they now have,
you had no enthusiasm for either one, but to the closed session was no more objectionable to even an open session.
Well, it's a very long question, sir.
I have no enthusiasm for the type of closed hearings which I had from the earth.
We had, I was, no up to the idea.
No, there's none of those ideas about the types of open hearings that it was suggested might be developed.
I have a memorandum which I had hoped to have in time to redo now,
which has not come over from the synagogue yet, which in which I decide to the secretary of the island,
the objective, the open hearing of November 24th,
and it is that the drafted decision has anything of the point I am trying to make for you, sir.
That is very, very direct.
That's my step in interrogation of the group of people on a limited subject,
would be undertaken for the purpose of establishing either an inference or a suspicion.
So that's enough.
Now, the difference between that sort of an open hearing and this sort of an open hearing
is the difference between night and day, because the hearing in which we are now participating,
is a search for facts.
Each was a bit extraordinarily question on all phases of this participation.
That was not the thought of open hearing that I was led to believe I was scheduled,
and it was not something to be asked about.
In the lives of all the questions that I have been asking you all day,
in which I have read the human excerpts from your 40-page statement,
and in the lives of your answers, isn't it the truth, Mr. Adam,
before this committee that you did not know all the other types of hearings, isn't that the fact?
You say you had known these evidence, right?
I said I had known this, I didn't know it was the fact that you didn't all these attractive hearings.
I think I'll have to say yes, but.
Well, all right, now what's the but?
The but is that I had gone along for a period of nearly two months,
watching these hearings, placing no attention.
And the fact that I had reached the point where I was not interested in the answer about these hearings
and hope that they would not continue, did not mean that I did anything to stop them, they caused I did not.
And you say now that you never made it ever to have these certain magazines,
to monetize, to play games, to give preferences to David Shines,
or any other act word or deed on your part,
so that this way to him from these investigations, you say that.
Well, nothing for the purpose of just creating him from the investigation.
He's made many points there.
Each one of which is susceptible of a little different investigation.
You said, a piece or a modify, I suspect that the fact that we went to see Senator McCarthy on November 7th,
who else for the purpose of modifying them, you said, give favors to David Shines,
we did not give straight favors to David Shines.
He was made available to the committee after the committee's request and not as Shines request.
Wasn't General Ryan to be suggestive when he was to be given satisfactory?
Well, as I am a city youth, as many of you are on this on your sworn testimony,
the hour will have all of this morning, that you, with your own, by the thumb, your own lips,
counter-manded and cancelled in order of General Ryan.
I can tell you this was the secretary.
The secretary made the decision to my task on General Ryan.
I have stated the reason why the secretary did.
Did you make any recommendations of the secretary about going over the hams of this general?
I made no recommendations to him, sir, and I do not consider that we went over his head.
The state's statement of the secretary had stated and re-statement that he did not want the soldiers training.
I'm saying that the soldiers training has not left the target.
You just take it away.
But now you stated definitely in positive that the general Ryan was to be the judge.
That was the secretary's statement, that is my understanding.
And in spite of that fact, when this call came from General Ryan saying,
here is a boy that wants something other boys are not getting,
and I'm not going to give it to him, you go to the secretary and the army, have a conference with him.
And as a result of what was told to the secretary, you call the general back and say,
let him off. That's right, him.
Not quite there. The general didn't say, here is a boy who wants something,
nobody else is getting the general's death to the committee has requested him.
All right.
Well, all right, let's just use your word.
General Ryan, I did, I did.
I'm the secretary.
I'm the secretary, that I just take the steps to which you refer.
I did go to the secretary, we did this cut that I did call General Ryan.
I did go in the tutorial to get him to be able to go to the committee.
So, along we can.
I reach his brother on your statement, the secretary.
On December 8th, General Ryan telephoned me from Fort Six and stated that he claimed that this continued signs weekday of availability to the committee.
Because the soldier has been on site four times in a week.
And on one occasion, as I'm preparing for the full festitivity of the AM,
did General Ryan tell you that?
Yes, sir.
Did you know whether any of these civilary major was ever taken against this boy for not coming back until four years he passed?
I have no knowledge of it, sir.
You have no knowledge of it, no, sir.
Did you feel like that's too simple or that?
No, sir, I did not.
You know that that was a family of all regulations and rules, didn't you?
No, sir, I did not. I don't know what rules. I didn't know then. I don't know now.
All right, what rules was General Ryan's account for the regimental commander or the company commander with reference to the handling, private, kind, and the case of these assets?
Did you know whether this secretary is located next on quite sure that he did not?
Did he not impose any displeasure made against his soldiers who had stayed out until four fifty-five o'clock in the morning?
You say you were sure that he did not?
I am quite sure that he did not. The secretary has nearly 750,000 by the soldiers.
Yes, at a 30,000 or four days.
Something like that. And here's one boy out of 30,000.
Excuse the secretary, call the General about and say he's about to come down there.
And here's one boy out of 30,000 who's seized out until four fifty-five o'clock in the morning when 29,999 are infected, are incident-revering, and was anything done about this, if you know it.
I have no knowledge.
All right, now the General's lady is going to come to the low of weekday prices.
Yes, sir.
Did he cancel the gift?
My understanding, he canceled them that day.
That day?
Was this boy ever given any other weekday prices to December 8th?
Don't you know that he was with that?
Don't you know that he's about to watch this General talk to the soldiers about?
Again, on December 8th.
Here's a boy that gives no respect.
Oh, he had a fight. We got all of them.
Let me finish my question.
Here's one boy out of 30,000 that's giving off four times a week and having long weekend prices.
And I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to stand by.
Don't you know Mr. Adams is there after that same thing occurred from time to time until this boy was sent to come, but...
I did not know that.
You know what it didn't happen?
I do not. I did not follow Friday sign that closely, sir.
The facts that I know about, I'm kind of dying, the facts that you're convening in that America.
I went through very little to my own knowledge as they were dating with the veterans.
They seem to be fighting movement.
The fact that you know about them is talking to me here.
Now, if you're thinking, he was asking from the handcakes.
On the basis, I don't put that in the category of a weekday.
Well, he was asking all Christmas, he was asking all for that in category of a weekday within the meeting of my discussion with you.
15,000 nothing at all for the Christmas holiday didn't it?
That's my understanding.
The other 15,000 nothing at all for the new year holiday didn't happen.
I got all full size.
That's my understanding.
You know that? After it happened.
I didn't have to get there.
I knew it could cause.
And that was extra-rans how I would be familiar to you as a Frenchman.
I had nothing to do with Friday sign leading on New Year's.
And weren't you this like a day?
Allowing all this to go on these special dispensation.
In order to be present in the pricing of youth committee,
all of your next chances of placing them from the investigation of the verses of the first month.
You know that's a truth.
That is not a truth.
Why, Mr. Adam, is it you, Mr. Fitt?
To go to Mr. Mr. Cohn's office, Mr. Senator McCartney's office, Mr. Cohn's office.
For having come to Europe.
Did it not come to Europe?
Did it not come to America?
And inform him of the fact that this boil is likely,
this boil out of 750,000 a million and a half was likely to have a wish.
You might as you use that.
If you were to praise,
I'll Senator McCartney and his committee know what they were doing.
I did it because of the fact that I was very seriously aware.
There'll be a treatment that Mr. Cohn had in this folder.
And very seriously aware of the fact that Senator McCartney's office
I then had an experience in his folder.
And because of the fact that it was regularly, regularly,
brought to my attention independently of any act of mine,
that things must be done for this folder, things that I knew could not be done
and would not be done.
And I was the author of the dream,
the decision of this committee over that matter and the arm.
I can say the position of you in the Secretary and the Operating Army
was found that you were,
that your position was referenced,
the monmer was unaspectable,
that you had nothing to cover up,
that you didn't care if he investigated from now on out,
and yet care one side is out of a million and a half.
You take your valuable time,
it's harmful to the Army and the valuable time of the Secretary
and of the Senator and of Mr. Cohn.
And go to the trouble.
I'll go into one of the other of them or all of them are saying
what's going to be your reaction
if anyone is boycodes over to you.
Wasn't that the cause with that?
And you were afraid of Senator McCartney.
And the members of his committee and we just ready to break the news.
And you wanted to break it deadly.
I knew it was one of them,
back to where I was before we did go over to you.
Isn't that the truth about it?
Well, I don't know that that was the truth.
Mr. Jackson, you know there isn't the truth.
Just beside us, I ask you now,
because one of these days this committee will write a report,
seven of the many times.
And one of these days this committee will write a report on you and the Secretary
and on Senator McCartney's staff.
And that report will just make sense to a large extent,
no doubt, reflect to what extent they believe you and believe what you've sworn yet.
Yes, it is today.
Now you have stated that you went to Mr. Cohn
and advised him that the science teams that there were 90 percent.
That this boy would go over to you.
Now I want you to explain this.
That's kind of pronductive this committee.
Why do you get scared to say so?
You said perhaps I dreaded to break the news.
You thought I was fine with time?
Well, I think that's a fair statement.
I knew that this was going to be a problem someday.
And this team believes for a bit at the moment.
You bring something just like I wasn't sure.
The toilet was going to have an operation I guess,
but I knew that some baby would be safe for the party.
You must be members there,
that I have stayed to the floor on this stand.
I have regularly buried that serious
because the first couple of weeks in January and the month of December,
I was being hung and hung and hung and hung and hung.
About where the shame was going,
but why did you take this?
Why did you take such abuses that if you were on the sound of that?
Abuse that you described Mr. Adams
is a lot of respectful men with this act.
Well, after I had taken this for one month,
you took my way to the center and the McCawson.
I took this from about the fence of November the 9th of December.
Then I went to the center of McCawson.
The rest of the 9th and the 7th are the two problems that come up in New York City.
I thought in a few times, I don't know which one you thought was the best.
When I talked about this, a new deal of use went on the 9th of December.
Didn't you call this the home of the New York City on February 24th?
And say, why have you been sentenced?
I just needed to say this.
I'm a man who's been your car metter and your prosecutor.
And I think the abuse is above you that no respectable man will want to say.
You on your own and he should be.
I said, that's wrong, Tate of Salon.
Call the man that's the first going to hear.
And say, why?
Mr. Coney, you said nothing before you came.
That is very correct.
It was on the case council of the Canadian.
It was going to continue the case council of the Canadian.
And as far as I know, indefinitely, my responsibility to the Army
was to go to the agency for this committee.
I hadn't heard from this going a long time.
I knew they would be proud of me.
I knew what I was going to put out of town.
I never let them feel like they had an open place.
And so I tell them, let's go back now to the business.
Get more evidence.
Is that the explanation of using your explanation to this committee?
Is the why you went to this one man?
I was just going to say, this is one of my biggest miscellaneous things
I've done for this morning.
I didn't go to the committee to come that day for that specific purpose.
But during the course of our conversation, I brought the data from the first time.
It was not a specific tool for the purpose of laying a very strong word.
I tried to bring it into a regular conversation.
I did.
I was just thinking, you're ready to do it.
Well, I wasn't needy by any time.
It was a matter of a very happy blowout.
And this evening, the day of the phase was moment.
You mean you meant something?
You got to tell him it's going to this boy with a girl.
I was thinking, well, either I would have to tell him or he'd find out some other sources.
I tell him he'd be more angry.
He found out some other sources than he found out some means.
Well, all means other means of the boys that have been in the arms.
Most dozen have gone overseas, haven't they?
That's right, that they have not been in touch with this committee.
No.
I try.
But this committee has been functioning right on since Mr. Shines been down here at Camp Garten, hasn't it?
Yes, there it has.
And apparently in the same manner.
I've had it any time.
I think the same degree of efficiencies, as this boy has been in Camp Garten, as before he went to Garten.
That's right, it's that, it's the director.
And I might go home with stratums,
the area of the millions of mothers,
who is why I wore the proud uniform of a proud organization,
and a great, nice little legend is described to the second day in his statement.
Did you go to any mother of a single one of those boys?
And in part, they often used to hear that similar boy would go overseas.
Did you ever go overseas?
No.
Never did.
Well, before we type the maps, one of the questions.
I read you, Mr. Adams.
Your testimony was a respect to the impirating of this portentious news to Mr. Collins, so that you could get his reaction.
What taste, sir?
It don't taste funny, is it?
Oh, five and twenty six, oh, six, oh, six, oh, six, oh, six, oh, six, bottom of the face.
Mr. Adams, on January 13th, I was a secure and misdeed.
He was coming up on another appointment.
Now, for you, that means the talking to him, the very busy man.
I've done his foreign right through his appointment with him.
I did his identification when I got here to the Senate office building instead of going back to the Pentagon as I had originally found.
I told Mr. Stevens that I thought I was going down and see if I could not get back in good with Mr. Collins.
So, in January 13th, that's right.
And in 38 years, they called me as in having so much difficulty over shy.
So, I went down to Room 101.
This call was bad. This call was bad, I don't remember.
We must together in the Senate's capacity and everything was peaceful.
When we returned to Room 101 towards the latter part of the conversation, I asked Cole.
I knew that 90% of all industries out of the face over these duties.
And I knew that one day we were going to face the problem with Mr. Collins.
Did I collect? Yes, sir?
So, I thought I would leave this groundwork for future trouble again.
I asked him what would happen if something had happened and Cheyenne got over these duties.
That's what you say, sir.
Yes, sir?
This one more hour.
Now, Mr. Adams, a target has been made against humans that cannot only stop to ingratiate 2000 to the greatest of the Western Internet's best.
If you not only offered special dispensations for Cheyenne in order to specify this fact,
but that you offered that bigger base from time to time, to which, to the Berkeley, homosexuals in the Arab world and in the 90s.
Did you ever do that, Miss Adam? I did not.
We got a definition of that, Miss Adam. That is correct there.
You'll always get a definition of that.
That you remember that, Miss Adam?
I remember that, Miss Adam. I never made such an offer. I never would make such an offer. I never had such information to offer.
Whether you ever sit down and draw some sort of an improvised map, I did so.
The United States and divided into the nine main army areas, I divided it. It was not in the nine main army areas.
I did so for the map. It was not for the purpose of getting information with reference to the airport.
I didn't ask you the purpose. Did you draw for the map? I did, sir.
You know how many parts did you divide it? I think you did nine.
In the nine? Yes, sir.
Why nine?
I do agree. Like it goes with the captain rack and it came out in the nine areas.
May I explain it to you, Eddie? I want to ask you them about numbers.
Yes, please, but I want to ask you about it, Senator.
You're certainly getting them. I have no objection to you explaining to you the version of the map now.
You know that it's different to what my deliverable is.
I know that my deliverable is true, but I still care you, Virgin Malay, indicated in the map.
And I think you're right. I think Senator, I'm not a bad guy.
I think you're right. I think you're not a bad guy.
I think you're right. I think you're saying now.
There wasn't anything that occurred one day.
It came up in this way.
We're telling me that the committee had a basis new investigation of the money, which was about ready to break.
There was a windmower's test, too.
I was wondering, somebody's finding questions. One was that, but that doesn't.
Well, I have not heard of a thing that I've been telling you.
It's a little just to care if you'll make me run.
You're doing a pretty good proper. Do you want to make a injury?
No.
I don't know where we are now.
I'm out of here.
One was, one was, map one wasn't, map one wasn't.
Well, I have not been able to fix today exactly.
Well, the talk about Mr. Cohen's memorandum is death 9 December.
And it was approximately that time that the incident occurred.
That way it was. That's true.
I'm going to hit the cones of it in room 101, and then it off the hill.
It was in the presence of Mr. Cohen and Mr. Cohen.
Mr. Cohen and Mr. Cohen had been waiting to meet some time.
It's time. There's that dignity had a big new investigation of the arms about the base.
I did not know what it was, and I was unable to find out from them what it was.
The thing that can turn me to disgivably was because of the fact that there was investigation.
There was under investigation in the Army at that time, and under the supervision of my office being in disgivable.
My office being in disgivable for the Secretary of the Army.
Some very serious allegations with reference to almost actual behavior on the part of the group of Army officers
that are large Army bases in the South.
The thing that said it, was not necessarily necessary.
I have, I told the council where it was.
And it's not going to work.
I told the rest of the two armed officers.
I can do that, sir.
There was an act of outrage in front of the audience.
I have the officers.
I can include all the states to the members of the business.
It was in the South. It was at a large Army base.
It was known to me, and to the officials in the Army, including my subordinates who were working on the matter,
that a dissident employee of this installation was in Washington, and it was reported to us that around the first of the timbers,
he was soliciting interest on capital hills from among some congressional committees not further identifying.
I naturally speculated as to whether or not he had come to this committee with those facts which were under investigation in our office.
I was curious to find out.
When it was told, neither they had this investigation which was discussed between us that day.
As I was sitting there very casually with a pencil, I drew a map of the United States in about 15 seconds by drawing a half a great script.
I'm putting a neck on it for New England, putting a tail on it for Florida, and then going a quick-catching wrap grid, which made nine broken into nine areas.
It was something of that sort. The map didn't come out the way I wanted it to the first time because I was trying to separate the southern area from the whiteened area,
and to separate it from the New England area, or the New York area where Fort Monmouth was, just so that I could see if I talk to them find out which areas they were about to start their investigation as we are in here.
I asked them whether or not they had their investigation which concerns the homosexual matters.
I was able to get no answer from them. I had this map, I marked it from one to nine, and I said,
if you tell me where in these areas which one of these nine areas you are about to investigate in, I'll tell you whether it's the area in which we have the homosexual problems.
I thought if they had area number four, and if number four was the area in which we were concerned about, I would then know that the individual who was in Washington
soliciting interest among the federal and congressional committees had given the information to this committee, and I would know that it was necessary for us to put a number of additional people on the matter for the purpose of assembling facts because an investigation might be ready about to start.
That was the purpose of the joint of the maps. I offered the maps to them. At first I was able to get to no indications, and I don't think I ever really did succeed in getting them to do this.
I do know that I came away from the conversations with the feelings that they were not in the area and the south before I go on, and for the purpose of stopping new favorite speculation on the matter, I'd like to say further that a careful examination by officials of the Army for a period of many weeks
that's just like this, but essentially put to rest any allegations that this homosexual ring did exist and we didn't even satisfy it in January that it did not. However, at this time in December we were concerned about it.
The purpose of drawing the map was as I had told you. As I remember I left the map there, I wasn't particularly concerned about it, it was a quick, speculative drawing of the piece of paper, and that was all I was through the interest.
And you think now the rest of the map would be an enabling factor in ringing from Roy, Commissioner Roy Coleman, Mr. Frank Carr, the information that he desires.
You could be a sort of a weaky-born thing. No, it was a very, very casual sort of a performance. I don't think now that it would have accomplished anything if I had it to do over again. I wouldn't have done it.
Before you set that map, I have no idea. I left the committee room as I remember. You don't know whether it's in the position that's calling this. I have no idea. I believe you stated in your statements that when you left you failed to figure out that as well.
Was that statement made from stratum to call it use? Grappin said, let that map might be produced here. No, it's too slow. I did say the map there.
So that's your version.